Design & UXSlate provide designs for all ideas, sizes, tastes and goals. We can develop your existing brand or start afresh to make your identity meaningful and on target for your audience. All our designs are created with users at the core; through specific journeys & call to actions for an optimised user experience.DevelopmentSlate specialise in WordPress websites as we believe this platform offers the best CMS solution with great SEO capabilities. Our favoured Ecommerce platform is Magento but we also have experience in WooCommerce and Shopify. Already have a design? We are also available for development only contacts.MaintenanceDo you need assistance with keeping your website up to date? Slate provide a website maintenance package which covers version upgrades, content updates, managed website hosting, website backups and 24 hour monitoring. A member of our team will be in regular contact regarding the work schedule.HostingSlate use a UK based hosting provider who provide ultra reliable, high performance managed hosting and dedicated servers with uptime guarantee and 24?7 technical support. With hosting we can also provide SSL certificate and domain registration (if required). Slate provide Service Level Agreements for larger contracts.SEOAll of our websites are technically optimised and we work with clients and copywriters to also optimise content. We ensure that your website ranks well in SERPs through carrying out best practice and keeping up to date with new rules and configurations. Please enquire for PPC as we can connect you with an expert.Social MediaSlate assist with setting up Facebook, Twitter or Instagram pages. We can encourage natural growth of followers and run paid advertising campaigns depending on which goal you are trying to achieve. Visual branded assets and hashtags can also be provided. If you have existing accounts we can help to develop them further.AnalyticsYour data is vital to understanding your audience, which is why we install both Google Analytics and Hotjar on our websites. This gives you insight to who is browsing your website, what they are interested in and where they are leaving your website. Slate will help to optimise customer journeys and capture vital information.Digital MarketingUnder the Slate digital marketing umbrella, we offer social media campaigns, email marketing through Mailchimp, affiliate marketing, setting up feeds for Google Merchandise accounts and other out of the box solutions. If you’re not currently reaching your target audience we will find your market and prospective audience.Awesome Wonderful Great Amazing Fantastic Nice Cool That Sounds GoodNo problem, anytime :) And if you need further details on one of our services, please do not hesitate to drop us an email @ or give us a call on 0208I Love You Love YouI am sorry about this; my heart is Artificial intelligence. However, I love you as a friend, and I appreciate the compliment :)Randoms